## Version2.0 RC1 ##
  * new operations: "bulkPrefix", "removePrefix"
  * the space of deleted nodes can be reused
  * huge values are compressed with QuickLZ
  * new operation: "optimize", which can swap top-level nodes to memory-map region
  * "prefix" has new parameter to specify pairs' order
  * a paging bug fixed.
  * a bug of "bulkPut" fixed.
  * a more easy to use python-client
  * 2010-12-23

## Version2.0 Beta2 ##
  * support bulk operations: bulkPut and bulkGet (pretty fast)
  * value less than 4Bytes(e.g. Integer) has a copy in index file, no file seek needed.
> > (therefore, the performance of "prefix","range",etc. is improved very much)
  * a bug in x64 architecture fixed.
  * 2010-12-12

## Version2.0 Beta1 ##
  * master-slave replication supported.
  * unit test added
  * a client shell to learn TerapDB easily.
  * two new operations: "before" & "after"
  * the performance of these operations improved: "kmin","kmax","range","prefix".
  * many thanks to Ma Qiang
  * 2010-12-10

## Version2.0 Alpha1 ##
  * merge two servers to one TreapDB server, which can talk both thrfit and memcache at the same time.
  * use XML to configure server parameters
  * memcache server performance improved 30%
  * DiskTreap performance improved 12%
  * Note, the data format changed to support memcache flag, therefore, data generated by early version can not be used
  * 2010-12-8

## Version1.1 RC ##
  * more API operations added,such as: "remove"(remove a item by key);"length"
  * improve concurrent reading peformance
  * 2010-12-4

## Version 1.0 ##
  * 2010-12-1